- [Instructor] Let's also look at the option
where you can change the property-naming strategy.
The earlier video showed us how to change the name
of the property itself,
but you can also change the naming strategy
for all the properties.
Let's see how to do that.
Now that is achieved with the help of JsonbConfig object,
which means it is a runtime customization.
The earlier one was,
of course, the compiled time customization.
So let's go back to the IDE,
and let's go to ObjectMapper now
because we need to do something on the JsonbConfig object.
So here I'm going to say property naming strategy.
And I'm going to get hold of that config object
and call withPropertyNamingStrategy.
That's the method we're looking for.
And to specify a string, the string can come out
of that same API, which is naming strategy, yeah.
And you have six options.
You can either have your names which are case sensitive,
or you can have your names
which is pointing to the option of identity.
Now this is the default option that Json binding employees.
So when I say that it picks up the names
of the instance variable,
it is trying to have the naming strategy of identity.
Then lower case with dashes,
or you can have lower cases with underscores.
Or you can have upper camel case,
or you can have upper camel case with spaces.
We want to use the names of the instance variables only
as keys in the Json document.
However, you can change that,
so we will try out one of them, lower_case_with_underscores.
Okay.
And let's go to custom names, TestCustomNames class,
and now on line number 28
where we we're trying to get the Jsonb instance,
we are going to actually get the config object
and then get the Jsonb instance.
So that will be ObjectMapper.getObjectMapper.
Another thing that we have to do is we have to go
to the customer class and get rid of these annotations
on line number 16 and the one that we had on line number 47.
Okay?
All right, so let's come here back and run this.
Okay, let's go and check the file on our folder structures.
And when I did this,
yes, do you see that it employed formatting number one
because the JsonbConfig had already got the option
of customizing the formatting option?
And the second, it also now inserted the underscore
in between the names.
So that is how it will try to generate your keys
if you select a particular property-naming strategy.
All right, now, if you're not too happy with that as well,
then you have a third way out.
You can write your custom class.
So let's see how to do that.
You can go ahead to IDE,
and let's create a package,
com.app.custom.
Okay, and let's create a class.
Let's say CustomerNamingStrategy.
Okay, and this will implement the interface,
which is PropertyNamingStrategy.
That's the one.
Now, inside this of course there's a method
that we'll have to implement because it's an interface.
So I'm going to right-click and implement abstract methods.
We do not want the default implementation,
so let's get rid of it.
And what does this method say?
It says translateName.
So basically if you're not too happy
with any of the default naming strategies
that the Json binding API provides you,
you can devise your own strategy.
So let's say I want a strategy
where the name is something like this,
return the original string,
which is the name, which is the property,
not the name, the property.
And to this, I'm going to append underscore, let's say.
Okay, so all the keys that get generated
in the Json document are going to have
that underscore at the end.
It will be the name of the instance variable,
but at the same time, it will also be underscore at the end.
That's the strategy I want.
Now, in order to make sure that this gets apply,
you have to go to the object mapper and come down here.
And then we will comment here property naming strategy,
but this time by custom class.
Okay, and I'm going to say
config.withPropertyNamingStrategy.
Now this time you're going to pick up the overloaded version
of that method, which will demand an instance
of your custom class.
So I'm going to say CustomerNamingStrategy.
There we go.
Now, in order that this particular configuration
takes effect, I'm definitely going to comment this out.
I don't want this right now.
I want my custom strategy, okay?
Right, so let's now test this out.
Let's run this file.
Okay, and let's go and check our customer file.
Yeah, do you see?
The original instance variable name was picked up
followed by that underscore sign.
So you can devise whatever strategy
that you wanna have for your application
as per the conventions that you have decided.
However, we generally do not do so much customizations,
and we keep the name of the instance variable itself
as the key in the Json document
so that when we deserialize,
we don't have any problems either.